https://codepen.io/ice812/pen/KKgbbPb

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    Semantic HTML is using HTML markup to show the meaning of the content instead of how it looks.

    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is used to format the text, images, etc so it can be displayed in a browser.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    An attribute is necessary information that isn't rendered on the page. A link is an example of an attribute.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 is a header tag that is the largest in size. It should only be used once on a page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Two tags that require attributes are anchor and img tags 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    The title, meta info, css, javascript

    7. What is an id? 
    Its to specify a unique id for an element in html, a specific sytle declaration in css and to alter the element in javascript with that id.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    It's a global attribute and can be used on any HTML element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    It should only be used once.

    10. What is a class?
     It's used to point to a class in a style sheet.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    It can be used on any HTML element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    As many times as you want. 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    To give alternate information about an image if someone can't view it.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    id="mytagexample" in the html and #mytagexample to reference it.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    The div tag is an empty container to specify a division or section. The section tag creates independant sections of content.

    17. What is CSS used for?
    To define styles and design in a web page.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    <h2> {
        color: blue;
    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id is to identify one element and class can be used to reference more then one. You could use id for the header id="header" and use class multiple times for a paragraph class="paragraph"

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    You use a period then the class name. Eg .intro 

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
     It selects all elements that are a direct child of an element and is useful when you want to be more precise then a contextual selector.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    by using a class selector 

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    It's used to define a special state of an element 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing 

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border-style: dotted;
        border-color: black;
        border-width: 1px;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
     * selector

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
     pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
     git rm and you should be careful because you can't get it back like you can with a trash bin in windows or mac.

    34. Why should I use version control?
     So you have a record of changes to the files over time. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    When something works after changes as an example or roughly every 30 minutes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1) Make sure you are on the correct assignment in the lambda repo 
    2) Fork the repo 
    3) Add PM as a collaborator
    4) Verify it's forked by looking for your username/repo name
    5) Click clone or download and copy URL into clipboard
    6) Go to terminal and us git clone and URL link
    7) create a new branch to work on the clone git checkout -b firstname-lastname
    8) open project repo in VS Code and make changes.
    9)Commit changes by using git add pathtofile to stage changes, git commit -m  "explain changes note" to attach inline message to the commit log, finally git push origin your branch name
    10) Go back to your github repository and refresh the page to see the message that you pushed up to your branch 
    11) Click the code link, click on compare and pull request, make sure you select your username/repo name from the drop down so you don't merge into the lambda school project.
    12) Add a pull request subject to help your PM understand what is finished or needs to be completed
    13) Click on Create pull request 



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A block element always starts on a new line so it causes a line break and an inline element doesn't force a new line.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    It's removed from the normal document flow and is positioned relative to it's closest ancestor.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Block elements
    1) div
    2) header
    3) section
    
    Inline elements
    1) <a>
    2)<br>

    Inline-block element
    1)inline-block allows you to set height and width values.

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

A browser's rendering engine represents each element as a box. Each box has four parts defined by their edges. The content, padding, border and margin edges. The "fix is using a fixed-width layout.